# DS6306-CaseStudy2
##DDSAnalytics is an analytics company that specializes in talent management solutions for Fortune 100 companies. Talent management is defined as the iterative process of developing and retaining employees. It may include workforce planning, employee training programs, identifying high-potential employees and reducing/preventing voluntary employee turnover (attrition). To gain a competitive edge over its competition, DDSAnalytics is planning to leverage data science for talent management. The executive leadership has identified predicting employee turnover as its first application of data science for talent management. Before the business green lights the project, they have tasked your data science team to conduct an analysis of existing employee data. 

##Dataset (CaseStudy2-data.csv) has been given to do a data analysis to identify factors that lead to attrition.  Identify the top three factors that contribute to turnover. There may or may not be a need to create derived attributes/variables/features. The business is also interested in learning about any job role specific trends that may exist in the data set (e.g., “Data Scientists have the highest job satisfaction”). Provide any other interesting trends and observations from the analysis. The analysis should be backed up by robust experimentation and appropriate visualization. Experiments and analysis must be conducted in R. Build a model to predict attrition.  Details are below.  

##An additional data set of 300 observations that do not have the labels (attrition or not attrition).  We will refer to this data set as the “validation set” and is in the file “CaseStudy2Validation No Attrition.csv”.  Provide the prediction labels (ordered by ID) in a csv file, name “Case2PredictionsZheng Attrition.csv”.    

##An additional data set of 300 observations that do not have the Monthly Incomes.  This data is in the file “CaseStudy2Validation No Salary.csv”.  Provide a model that will attain at RMSE < .3 for the training and the validation set.  Therefore, you must provide the predicted salaries (ordered by ID) in a csv file.  Provide the prediction salaries (ordered by ID) in a csv file, name “Case2PredictionsZheng Salary.csv”.    
